}

COIN

This will work and we will make as much money as we want each Illinois
resident to have. This is because you only have to imagine every farmer
not having to pay federal fucking taxes. This is what we want. It is
called "opportunity cost". For example, you do not have to pay federal
taxes next year and the seven thousand dollars the farm saved is so much
if this was the same for every citizen. Hold up, tho. Imagine the
opportunity cost Byron Trump saves. Now, imagine the sum of all major
corporations in downtown Chicago. Theoretically, we would be able to
hand over to _every_ citizen the opportunity cost of the entity with
the highest opportunity cost that they saved from _not_ having to pay
the federal government.

The Feds think they have some scruby leverage because they own the
central banks and if you do not pay you taxes, the Federal government
will eventually send the police. If you resist arrest, then they pull
out the gun. A philosopher, like an actual one that lives in real life,
taught me this. He taught me that the gun in the room is the violence.
This was a moment of clarity for me and is responsible for tugging more
train cars of perspective that was not easy to find in any economics
program except maybe George Mason University. However, I want to be
explicit when I say that this will not be a document on Austrian
economics or anything anti-Keynesian economics. What you will see is
that this document was established with the requirement of mentioning
the central banks. Now that we did that, we do not need to talk about
them any more.

To elaborate on this once, think about a number line from one to ten
that represents the velocity of our currency under the current system
in America. Thusly, "1 <= velocity < 10" meaning that, one, I want to
assume for convenience that "5" is where we are in 2021 and "10" is
more velocity that we want in the future and high velocity is good.
Those are our three assumptions despite abatement of assumption in
our theory. Velocity may not be the appropriate statistic, but at the
final subprocess, you will see that _something_ or some statistic will
shift.

That should be enough said for academic interest or fiscal concern, but
the federal government will likely take this is a final blow. Any man
on earth would consider the i-told-you-i-would, so let us just leave it
where it happened that day in Wicker Park. The irony, maybe irony, is
that cryto-currency-sparidium.

Look, I am not writing this again. The Chicago Police have my original
notes on this and I cannot think of a better way to validate our
decision because if we fuck up, then they are dead. Probably not, but
we are going to assume that. Every one is ready for us, except for
myself I suppose.

Taylor, can you, your family, and I loop the lands of Lincoln, Abraham
along the largest Premium Facility of the state of Illinois? We can
just be the superheroes on the this side of the water, this side of the
earth, and this side of the equator?

There is a Tranquility scene that we all see and the stories that the
farmers share with us we can document, write about, and write folk songs
again. Imagine if we had an envoy of United States Military Hummers
braided with anti-gravity low riders, pick-up trucks that smell like
cigarettes, and the legendary Toyota Prius up in this beast.

Since I despise "old people" in this generation, then that is a new
accomplishment for me - I have become a hater. There was a critical
hypo I found that turned hypocritical. So, now God sees me as a
hypocrite - a crite hypo, and that is okay because c'mon man not all
of you use Android. The bottom bunk is that I want to show you how
much I do not regret the things I said, but do regret including all
of you on the threshing room floor. These are not words written with
a tone.

A military man, disguised as something else, was my mentor at the
tech company where I interned. One day, he said, I do not ever want
a reminder, or only news, that there is a problem. Before you present
your research whip together a solution first, then write some
documentation if you can. Lessons like that you have to work very hard
for, but why?

I know what to do.

Consider how much the men you know covet the knowledge they have by
not being _proactive_ in the dissemination of information. For myself,
it has become a reflex and I think I was always like that. All the
ideas went on paper, online, in conversation, and here. Gaslighting,
kids, gaslighting. Please know what this is because someone taught
them that and guess who it was. It was the dude with a y in his name.

His name is Tracy Chapman. He is a professor at UWM. He also owns a
bowling alley He also is responsible for the classroom that you
reserved for the EARS program at UW-Madison, you know, the same room
where Kristin and I fucked one night when they used to leave the
buildings open all hours of the day and of the night. When I
discovered this, I had a break down and used Twitter to try and rally
a protest. Of course, there was the walled devices on campus that I
was complaining about, but damn, that dude is in a lot of trouble.
I want his scalp. Read the bible and ask me if I am misguided.

At this point I have confirmed, with myself, that I am never writing
about money ever again. The benefits of studying art, from my
experience, are heavier than the benefits to studying anything else.
Unfortunately, it is not surprising that our academic art students
had the least amount of leverage in the job market because we all
looked down on them because culture told us to value some degrees
over others. My point is rendering, but I will have to do it by
introducing you to a friend that I will never get to see again, but
she is a good example of a very educated, well guided, very emotional
and always the truth with this one. What I am trying to say is that
her variety somehow was not the type of job candidate where their
degree did not matter. However, this might not be true, but she id
just a good example because this is how it could happen. To be fair,
it would more effective to say our job markets have very bad stuff
about them. I am saying the markets are designed poorly and I am
saying they perpetuate.

So, this perpetuation of a carriage with no horse. As an artist, I
must articulate a comparison with the carriage and the hill climbed
by Jesus Christ. This is another one of those comparisons that is
syntactically invalid if you carry the physical aspects of the
carriage through the analogy and over to Jesus. Only carry from the
carriage that it is on the loose. The same is true for Jesus Christ
in that He is on the loose. How can your spirit and intelligence
_both_ miss that one. To be clear the demons alongside the road to
the crucifixion were in the actual physical bodies of those that
screamed and gnashed their teeth as they taunted their God.

This, I believe, is why forgiveness is often practiced by most men
and women. It is a logical fallacy not to. Despite all this proof
for why you should forgive others does not mean your anger will melt
away. Do you want to know why it is still there? The fear of God is
mighty terrifying, but the inclinations of your character will travel
to the land of absolutes and see God as a body that is perpetually
angry. How often have we leaned back and considered the Bible is only
what they wanted to write. Feeling God in my heart and mind tells me
He will give you the most beautiful least complex thing he can write
for you. That is how I program and where I learned it from even if
another engineer reminded me about this requirement in design -
complexity will eventually accumulate so much technical debt that
the project will fail. That should be a law of engineering. Where
are those while we are here? Lastly, I can feel some student body of
mine still in their seats or standing lean-to their tables waiting
for me to start that list, but dudes, go operator!

Finally, I am moving on to my other project, while the words of this
repository, the one this document belongs to are only intended for
my family only. See you later sleuths.

From Michael,
Love Cain
