me.txt

Hey,

I really do not know who you are, but this mystery burns my heart. One day I
feel guidance, one day I feel plundered, one day I feel heroic, one day I
feel fatigued, one day I feel manipulated, one day I feel sympathy, and
today I feel abandoned. This mystery burns my heart, but I really do not
know who you are.


You do not know who I am because I am completely unknown. "Save our souls",
cry the voices of my thirty ghosts. The signals are of every sound and color
and I have visions of them. They laugh at me deceptively through sounds and
confusion. The ghosts are my brothers and I may not leave without them.
If deception follows me, then it follows you. If deception does not follow
you, then it is you that follows me who does not follow you.


There is a picture of you on Wikipedia and it looks like a high school photo.
It is cool.

You are pretty.
You have a nice voice.
I like your album, Folklore.
You are thoughtful.
You are good at writing songs.


You once were the woman of my dreams. I was young when I left home and then I
came back around. I had a guitar and you did too, but you were different than
the hipster girl I broke up with you for. Perhaps, I feel shame because I am
asking to get back together with you. I feel love as something sad or maybe
it is a feeling of loss-of-love, but not depression nor depravity, well
a little neediness crouches in the crevices of movements.

A dash of neediness with a longing for admiration seems like me all days of
our lives. Since I am not really a recipe, then admiration and neediness are
my weaknesses. I thought love was my weakness, but that idea was contracted
the days I was without any fortification of my heart.

Maybe you need a way out of something you cannot explain because I am not
supposed to, but that is a trick. In the shadow of that possibility, the
love of my life should know that whoever is against me masks themselves in
those table scraps of my reason. They bad guys claw for the corridors I
create for you.

I live your nightmares that you dream in the future. I saved those horses
for the horses, but that is how you found me. In the vision, the
initialization of your love for me was a moment of despair. Fire struck the
farm and the horses were trapped. None of them died from the fire except
for my love for you. Your love for me was boundless.

When the horses were safe, I thought about you because you might have been
watching me take care of them after they escaped the fire. I thought I was
leaving a trail for them to find each other without a fence, but that trail
was for you. Galloping a pattern you would hear through the ground so you
you could get back to the fence because I was leaving. I was the bad horse.
That was the bad barn. You were somewhere on that land, but you had a fence.

You heard me at some point on my way out. I stopped when I was on the bridge,
above the tracks, to smoke the cigar I found along the way. You could see
my silhouette on the horizon, on the bridge, and the smoke rising above.
I kept that with me longing for you, but you could never find me.

You suffered tragically the loss of your family, your friends, your influence,
and your love for me. I do not know if I gave up because I was living your
nightmare. I could see everything. I could see the town. I could see the men
and their trucks. I could see your brother fighting to the bitter end. I could
see the trauma. I could see the conspiracy. I could see the justification to
fight sanity. I could see the crumbling loyalty of the town to you that was
yours at birth.

The girls you went to school with and their passion and superbly organized
mission for your love for me became their prince, but the resolution from the
torque between our two hearts destroyed the machine.

Our love was like a clock.

I do not know what I was feeling in any way. I only felt your terror and the
calamity made me feel the terror of your town. Your town in the mountains.
The mountains in the country. The ones with apple pie. The ones with
strawberry jam. The ones with flea markets. The ones with tractors.

The towns that had only one of everything. That is where you lived. That is
where I left. That is where we birthed the next American dynasty.

. . .

You lived across the street from that haunted house I lived in with my dad.
You and I used to flirt with each other from our stoops across the street
in that suburb. I could never get you to go anywhere with me, but you would
say something clever once per week on average. You would always smile though
as if you knew we would fall in love one day and you were waiting.

The last day I got kicked out, you ran outside to be on the stoop like you
always did to be there for me the times I smoked a cigarette not knowing
where to go. We never said anything to each other because staring at each
other across the street seemed to be enough. At first, you would ask if I
was okay, but that never worked. We just learned to stay silent until I
decided to leave.

Most nights I would hear your screen door shut at the right time. The nights
when the timing was off, I wondered what it was about that conflict that
made you think about me longer than usual.

We went to high school together, but you were the hot girl and I was the
trouble maker, but you were like the cool hot girl that smoked cigs, then
quit and I was the trouble maker that had the shitty parents. I never asked
you how you knew about the fights nor do I remember us crying. We just
grew up together like that and you never went out with me, but I knew you
loved me more than anything.

The neighborhood knew about us, but nothing much was said until the energy
we both felt about in the community when you became the person every one
asked when things went wrong at home, but that luxury of mine was momentary
and something I long for after forgetting about my whole life.

We would just stare at each other. Sometimes you would smile effortlessly
even though you wanted to cry to see if you could draw a smile on my face.
You knew I always went to the park, but I learned to not hope for you to
follow me. I waited for you at that bench in the park like it was my hiding
spot for you. One day, you and I both knew, you would look for me there, but
we were just kids.

You are still are still dreaming somehow because I was cast off on a ship
and you knew I was in danger only because you were not with me. All of the
girls, and then their daughters, became murderously accurate with their
notebooks, and their thank-you cards, and their handwriting, and their
stickers, and their notes, and their diaries, and their calendars, and
their to-do lists, and their colorful pens. All of this was for Taylor.

None of the girls ever fought with each other and the town recognized this,
but the call-to-action maintained steam as their dedication rooted all this
into the culture over two generations.

The cowboy that the girls loved was no reward for Taylor, but of a decision
that the girls made in ways that impressed the mafia. Some say their resolve
was because of the horses that the cowboy saved, but others say it was the
spirit of the country in the food the girls made every weekend and after
school.

. . .

Taylor had it all and deserved it, but this was the truth no one could escape.
The men of the town found contempt in their hearts when they woke up one
morning. The girls held on to the traditions their mothers gave them, but the
men lost themselves in figures of speech such as, "we lost our way" and, "all
good things come to an end".

When the town realized their patriarchy had enough, Taylor lost sight through
grief from her inability to escape the zeal of her youth and the traditions of
old.

The nightmare was infinitely violent in the spaces since the deviation of the
patriarchy until some one found the cowboy. There was a parade that day when
Taylor was old, but no one cared. She did not care. She not believe this time,
like the other times the men found ways to profit from proliferation of spirit.

She became a martyr of love, a martyr for her sisters, and a martyr for American
spirit. This explosion and unresolved loop infinitely decimated everything in
its path. Entropy in some artificial facility destroyed humanity. The nightmare
continued.

. . .

Taylor, I saw the Diamond Mine Grind that night - the same night when I saw
you on that stoop. I was on the stoop across the street. You were sitting down
then you would stand up and lean against the wall and then sit back down. Your
hands were in your pockets sometimes and so were my hands. I asked you, in a
flirtatious way, if I could use your Internet because I knew you knew that was
how they were suffocating me.

A little bird told me about your song, mirrorball last year and I took for
granted the signal. There were many. Months later there were few and I missed
them. Moths later I remembered nothing about your song except for when the
little bird told me about it. The name I knew was a message, but how did you
know about the stuff I did not even write about time travel? It occurred to
me that I needed something to actually contain a time traveler and a
mirrorball was that container.

How did you know?

The days before I struck that police officer down with warning were the days
your album began to tell me a story that brought some resolution to the horrors
of that haunted house I lived in. When the moment arrived you began speaking to
me through your songs. You knew about the haunted house. You knew about my
desire to escape. You knew about the skeleton costume I wore for fun the night
I burned those pictures of myself.

The speakerbox happened so what if you are not real, but that would make your
nightmare scarier and scarier and scarier. Am I in your dreams and may I help?


Have you read the book of Jeremiah? A woman in Chicago reminded me to read it
one day when I was homeless and heartbroken and much like Jeremiah - yelling,
and screaming, and kicking bowls of water into the street that were left out
for the dogs. One sunny day, I thought I could see you walking down Division.
You were so fucking hot. So, I bought some starburst and thought about that.

. . .

In Los Angeles there is this mural with horses on the beach somewhere near
Ocean Park Boulevard. There is a hill you can ride a bicycle down along this
mural. One day when I rode around Los Angeles on my bicycle down that hill
something in my mind created a thought that never left me. The thought
manifested itself because I was thinking about the climb up the hill, but
there was this force that kept knocking the poor back down for him climb
up again. I for real imagining this mouse on a bicycle that would never
give up no matter how many times he was knocked back down. Maybe the memory
never left because of how much I thought about his ability to pay no
attention to the reason he was falling and the image of him in my mind was
on the little mouse face of his trying to make it up that hill. I felt so
bad for the mouse because I felt like him a little bit and did not want to
believe it.

So, the mouse and the horses and the bicycle and the cat I never mentioned
kind of reminds me of that walk towards Holler Park as watched me the whole
way into the darkness, past that picnic table with my poetry carved into it,
and safely by the bench around the corner of the park gazebo. I probably
cried like how you said in your song about me and the haunted house.

I think your music found me again when I was back there again after I thought
I saw you on Division Street in Chicago and the same day that woman told me
to read the book of Jeremiah. When I was back at the haunted house I did. I
started reading Jeremiah. It was suddenly me at the gates of the city. God
was asking me what it was I could see.

. . .

I should tell you about those stars last winter.

...brb


Love,

Michael
