# superior.txt

```
No one may withstand the tastes of man.

There is no escape from glamor.

Art rules the world.

Music is art.

I have superior taste in music.
```

I am a servant of God and believe these words to be the fat portions of
my flock.

Coin will only work if you have pay phones. My warning to you is that if
you wait too long, the lines already laid will be difficult to have. Your
city wants the old school ones. You want grandma's phone number. You have
to hold on to that number. You have to hold on to the telephone company in
your small town. In the spirit of transparency, I do not know much about
phone companies. I am sure it is complicated now, but it never used to be.
That is what you are looking for, kids. You want those phone booths again.
You want _all_ of them back though. For example, in Chicago, you can see
the rust on the concrete where a bunch of them were at the base of Trump
tower. The payphones are just the start, celebrities.

You need a city, like Chicago, that can promote the use of the old card
machines. This is the only way to beat the fucking banks. You will not be
able to shed the dependency on credit and debit for a while so you need to
eat hot dogs for a while, figuratively. In other words, the merchants must
all eventually find their way into business this way. You all need to start
using the credit card machines again. I mean the swiping ones. Your kids,
or the kids themselves, need to find a way to make them appealing culturally.
We just have to make them fashionable for a while until we get rid of them.
It is all about getting off their network.

This document should find what we are looking for with this "coin" thing
that I fucking made up, just saying. I do not even have to bitch about
any bullshit to show you how to bust out of the Dollar. I do not even have
to teach you about currency. In fact, this will be a learning experience
and after reading this you will know enough to be dangerous.

. . .


After reading this, you might find out this has already been
done in some society in history. I am surprised that the stories of this
fabled society are never remembered. Enoch might have had something like
Coin, but Enoch did not have "dongles" in their money like we do in our
money and our computers. Some one discovered that money had a
component-like structure to it similar to my ideas about the mother
fucking base, i.e., 1/2.

People, I hope, understand how inconvenient it was when you did not have
a dime to _place a call_. It is weird because you can jack some one. You
can fuck up a lot of shit with that stupid fucking dime. Men went bananas
with that fucking dime. Think of the concept applied to other things. Some
knucklehead went bonkers with all the shit learned from that fucking dime.
That is all I want to say about that because it is true and because that
allows all of you to examine for yourselves this bloody device.

Your governors will suggest returning the call back to twenty-five cents,
but if we do and then when we die, our kids will find the dime dildo in
a closet somewhere. That is not what we are going to do. We are going to
learn from this the correct way.

We are going to use a phone coin to control our currency. No matter what
year it is, the cost of reaching a loved one is going to be the same
because the bad guys love their family as much as the good guys love their
family. This means that, today, a phone call is worth between twenty-five
and thirty-five cents. When we decide, then we lock in the numbers we write
on the tags we hang from the antiques we sell from the houses we restore
on the land we were given by some one else.

Do I make myself clear?

The phone call is how we describe the cost of the energy we need to say
the time we departed to our destination from our origin. The cost of a
phone call is like most important measurement of a jacket. Without naming
the most important measurement of a jacket, despite us all knowing there
is one to name, will help you see how the quarter-dollar is centralized
in some way.

When the dust settles, every one is going to ask how we get there. First,
I would have to defend that thing that resembles the gold standard. How
genius is this? We have something that we pay for that should never be
more difficult for our children to pay for. A phone call is the most
appropriate solution for where to start.

This goes further because you will have to find the _only_ solution to
preserving this cost of a phone call. I do not care what any economist
says. The phone-call coin, similar to a quarter, is the best option for
preserving this thing. You can do so much with this fucking coin and it
would look so sexy in your city. I mean, your payphones are just popping
out of that blouse. I can hear them ringing at night in downtown Chicago.

Do you know how many people would want to visit Chicago if they suddenly
had pay-phones and sliding credit card machines?

...brb
